Add vue-vanilla renderer set to the architecture diagram (#164)
eclipsesource/jsonforms2-website: src/pages/docs/vue-integration.mdx

With version 2.5 of JSON Forms we added support for Vue 2 (`@jsonforms/vue2`) and Vue 3 (`@jsonforms/vue`). Support for Vue 2 will be phased out once the community moves on.

> For Vue we provide a HTML5 based renderer set, `@jsonforms/vue2-vanilla` for Vue 2 and `@jsonforms/vue-vanilla` for Vue 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Vue we provide a HTML5 based renderer set, `@jsonforms/vue-vanilla` for Vue 3 and `@jsonforms/vue2-vanilla` for Vue 2.
```

> Additionaly we offer a [jsonforms-vue-seed](https://github.com/eclipsesource/jsonforms-vue-seed), which allows to get a quick start with our vue integration. By default the seed is based on Vue3. The Vue2 variant can be found on the `vue2` branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally we offer a [jsonforms-vue-seed](https://github.com/eclipsesource/jsonforms-vue-seed), which allows to get a quick start with our Vue integration. By default the seed is based on Vue 3. The Vue 2 variant can be found on the [`vue2` branch](https://github.com/eclipsesource/jsonforms-vue-seed/tree/vue2).
```

> For further information on how to use JSON Forms Vue and how to write an own renderer set, please consult the README.md files within the [Vue 2](https://github.com/eclipsesource/jsonforms/blob/master/packages/vue2/vue2/README.md) and [Vue 3](https://github.com/eclipsesource/jsonforms/blob/master/packages/vue/vue/README.md) packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For further information on how to use JSON Forms Vue and how to write an own renderer set, please consult the README.md files for the [Vue 3](https://github.com/eclipsesource/jsonforms/blob/master/packages/vue/vue/README.md) and [Vue 2](https://github.com/eclipsesource/jsonforms/blob/master/packages/vue2/vue2/README.md) bindings as well as the [Vue 3 vanilla](https://github.com/eclipsesource/jsonforms/blob/master/packages/vue/vue-vanilla/README.md) and [Vue 2 vanilla](https://github.com/eclipsesource/jsonforms/blob/master/packages/vue2/vue2-vanilla/README.md) renderer sets.
```
